hello my name is MIA turd and I'm here
with Jamie Lynn Spears with potato
broadcast how was your life changing oh
I'm doing good and now my life is even
greater because i'm here on potato
broadcast you guys are doing such a
great job keep it up oh thank you very
much and I see that you had your own
come on up don't touch me there at this
it's my private square great alright so
tell us about you um how was your
relationship with you in your boy like
this like funny story um he came in when
i was doing my geometry homework and
he's like I know you're in there big
fella it was like brick wall waterfall
boy you think you know it all but you
don't they do so boom with the attitude
oh it's so adorable well um tell me
about your life and with how was your
relationship with your older sister
Britney Spears she's been doing good Oh
she'll get with my homework last week
and um I got like a b-minus that's
likely highest grade I've ever gone hmm
google it penny stories oh yeah but okay
like she had to go to court could like
something to suit her but like I'm so
she couldn't find a lawyer on such short
notice so I felt in for her and um like
the judge is like we were to jail Oh
like don't make me snap my fingers in my
z formation heads vibration fing the
formation booty rotations elbows levels
where Sir shut judge you just like jest
oh okay I remember that from
I was a little girl and um tell me about
your life on set of zoey 101 I hear you
are the star of that show I am but like
funny story this one girl she was like
quite because like she didn't like that
was pregnant she's like you're running
the whole show it's so like um she was
like you have such a big belly like
you're blocking the camera I was like I
may have a big belly but you have to
thanks for watching bye Mia